add users
daniel
omar
gabriel
sandra
jennifer
caitlynn
jazlynn
edgar
// add a guest
guest



***Do you believe in astrology?
***Before making a phone call, do you rehearse what you’re going to say? 
***Do you check your horoscope? 
***where are you from?
where did you grow up?
Do you have any nicknames?
What is your favorite color?
What is your favorite food?
What is your favorite movie?
What is your favorite song?
What is your favorite book?
What is your favorite TV show?
What is your favorite holiday?
What is your favorite sport?
What is your favorite animal?
What is your favorite drink?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor?
What is your favorite restaurant?
What is your favorite dessert?
What is your favorite season?
What is your favorite holiday?
What is your favorite thing to do on a rainy day?
What is your favorite thing to do on a sunny day?
What is your favorite thing to do on a snowy day?
What is your favorite thing to do on a windy day?
What is your favorite thing to do on a hot day?
What is your favorite thing to do on a cold day?
What is your favorite thing to do on a windy day?
Do you believe in aliens?
Do you have any phobias? 
Do you like designer brand clothes? 
Is Starbucks worth the money? 
Do you like Thai food? 
Do you believe you should do one thing every day that scares you? 
Do you have any secret talents?
Have you ever broken the law?
Have you ever broken a bone?
Do you have your wisdom teeth?
Do you believe in conspiracy theories?
Have you ever had a lucid dream?
Have you ever sung in front of a crowd?
Are you afraid of heights?
Have you ever fainted?
Have you ever held a snake?
Do you have any irrational fears?
Are you claustrophobic?
Have you ever had a near-death experience?
Have you ever thrown up in public?
Are you afraid of the dark?
Do you like horror movies?
Have you ever gotten lost in the wilderness?
Have you ever had sleep paralysis?
Do you use social media?
Do you follow trends?
Do you ever binge-watch Netflix? 
Have you ever met a celebrity?
Do you regularly watch sports?
Are you “extra”?
Have you ever been a vegan or vegetarian?
Do you respond to texts quickly?
Do you have a YouTube channel?
Are you into nice cars?
Have you ever been on TV?
Have you ever skippers school?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
Do you procrastinate?
Can you be peer pressured?
Have you ever been fired from a job?
Can you write in cursive?
Were you a rebellious kid?
Were your parents strict?
Did you ever sneak out of your house when growing up?
Have you ever been in a fight?
Do you think picking up lines works?
Have you ever kept a journal? 
Do you have a best friend?
Do you pay attention to the news?
Have you ever gotten a speeding ticket? 
Do you live alone?
Is it possible to stay friends with an ex? 
Are you into podcasts? 
Do you like going to the movies?
Do you use your phone first thing in the morning?
Do you regularly watch TV? 
Do you ever talk to yourself in your head?
Do you sing in the shower?
Have you ever had deja vu? 
Do you like chocolate?
Do you own bitcoin? 
Do you like talking to strangers? 
Would you like to be famous?
Do you like pina coladas?
Do you faint easily?
Have you ever held a monkey?
Are you afraid of snakes? 
Do you call all dogs “puppies”?
Have you ever worn underwear two days in a row?
Do you ever talk to yourself?
Do you talk to animals?
Have you ever seen a UFO?
Do you like chocolate milkshakes?
Do you believe in Bigfoot?
Do you know how to swim?
Are you a good singer?
Do you consider yourself a good dancer? 
Can you speak any other languages?
Did you believe in Santa as a kid? 
Do you think PDA is annoying?
Do you have any trophies or awards you’ve won? 
Can you play chess?
Have you traveled internationally?
If you could become a robot partly, would you try it out?
Do you like to wear hats?
Do you believe in love at first sight? 
Have you ever cut your hair?
Were you a “cool kid” in high school?
Do you know your personality type?
How did you all meet? 
What does each of you do for a living? 
What is your favorite thing on the menu? 
Where does each of you come from? 
Who is the friendliest of this group? 
Who is the most likely to protect everyone in a zombie apocalypse? 
If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Where is your happy place? 
What’s your favorite thing to do to celebrate your birthday? 
What’s your favorite board game? 
What is your favorite thing about your hometown?
What’s your idea of a perfect day? 
What is your favorite topic to ask people about? 
Why is pineapple on pizza so controversial?
What would people call your superhero group?
What is your favorite childhood memory?
What is your favorite sports team? 
Do you like social media? Why or why not? 
What is the cringiest video you’ve seen lately? 
At a party, where are you most likely to be found?
What is the best concert you’ve ever been to?
Who are some of your favorite actors or actresses?
Who do you know that is most likely to be famous? 
If you could go back to any time in history, what period would you choose?
If you could live inside a movie or book, which would you choose?
Do you hit the snooze button or wake up immediately? 
What is one of your secret talents? 
What’s your favorite corny joke?
Have you ever waved at someone thinking you know them, only to realize they are the wrong person?
What’s the best Wi-Fi network name you’ve seen? 
What is a song you pretend you don’t like because it’s embarrassing that you love it? 
What is something that everyone looks stupid doing?
What’s your dumbest dance move? 
Have you ever tried to look cool in front of someone and failed?
What’s the strangest thing you’ve seen someone do in public? 
When was the last time you had a big fail moment? 
If you could live anywhere in the world but had to stay naked all the time, where would you choose?  
What voice accent impersonations can you do (British, Australian, country, etc.)? 
Have you ever tripped or fallen in front of a vast crowd?
If you could have one useless superpower, what would it be?
Which sport would be funniest if it had mandatory alcohol?
What’s the silliest way you’ve accidentally injured yourself?
What’s the most awkward first date you’ve ever been on? 
What’s your favorite white elephant gift?
What is something trendy now that people will be embarrassed about in 5 years? 
Where is the worst smelling place you’ve ever been? 
What is the most useless talent you have? 
If you got banned from the library, what would be the reason behind it?
Do you think penguins have knees?
Why is it called lipstick if it doesn’t stick your lips together?
What would be the worst bio for a dating app? 
Why is it called “taking a dump”? Shouldn’t it be called “leaving a dump?” 
What is the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever said on a date? 
How do you want to die? 
If you could be any comedian or celebrity, who would you be? 
What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever done on a night out? 
What is the goofiest or weirdest thing you did as a kid? 
What is the strangest purchase you’ve ever made? 
What would people call the sitcom of our friendship?
What is your most obnoxious laugh?
What is the funniest nickname that somebody has given you?
What’s a rule that you make everyone follow in your house?
Is it weird for an adult to sleep with a stuffed animal?
What was the last thing you searched on Google?
If you could do karaoke with any famous person for a day, who would it be?
What do you do when you pull up next to someone at a stoplight and see them jamming out to music? 
Do you pick your nose?  
What is the most ridiculous outfit you’ve ever worn? 
What is the funniest Halloween costume you’ve ever seen? 
If you had to change your name, what would you change it to?
What would you do with 15 minutes of fame?
What conspiracy theory do you think might be true?
If you could charge a million dollars for a service, what would it be?
What’s the most ridiculous lie someone has ever told you to your face?
If you could make a TV show about your best friend’s life, what would you call it?
Can you describe the craziest person you’ve ever met?
Have you ever eaten food on the ground?
What is your favorite slang?
If you had to wear a swimsuit or a business suit for the rest of your life, which one would you choose?
If you had to choose between your eyebrows or eyelashes, which would you keep?
What is worse during a kiss? Sneezing or burping?
Have you ever farted in a yoga class? 
What’s the easiest way to make you laugh?
Are you ticklish?
If you publicly trip and fall, do you laugh it off or just keep walking? 
Can you touch your nose with your tongue?
Which fairy tales do you find the most outrageous?
How would you describe your face if you could only use vegetables for reference?
What one normal thing becomes weird if you do it more than once?
What is the most awkward question someone has ever asked you?
How many animal sounds can you make?
What is the most annoying song you’ve ever heard?
Who knows you best?
Where do you see yourself in 10 years?
What makes you feel unstoppable? 
What is your biggest fear? 
Who is the smartest person you know?
What is your favorite family holiday tradition?
What is the essential quality in a romantic relationship?
How long was your longest committed relationship? 
If you could go back and change one thing about your past, what would it be? 
Which is more important – beauty, power, or money? 
What’s your biggest fear?
What makes you feel unstoppable?
What is your biggest regret?
Do you think people are mostly good or mostly evil? Why? 
Where do you go when you need fresh inspiration?
What’s your philosophy on life?
Do you like diving into the deep end or easing your way into the water? (literally or figuratively)?
What life-changing events have you experienced? 
What’s one thing you would change about yourself? 
Have you ever had a moment of deja vu? 
What legacy do you want to leave on Earth once you’re gone? 
What gives you hope? 
Have you ever had your heart broken? 
Have you ever broken someone’s heart? 
What was your most embarrassing moment? 
If you could time travel, would you go to the past or the future?
What words of wisdom would you pass down to your younger self? 
What’s your go-to guilty pleasure? 
How do you show kindness to others?
Have you heard of “love languages”? What is your main one?
what Should i draw?
What Should I Ask My Boyfriend?
If you could play one song every time you walked into a room, what would it be?
Why is sandwich meat round when bread is square?
Who is the fifth person on your missed calls?
If animals could talk, which species would be the nicest? 
What’s your most hated form of transportation?
Have you ever dreamed of going to another planet?
Which superpower would you never want to have?
What do you think about when you’re on the toilet?
How do birds pee?
Do you think someone could live forever?
How many pairs of pants do you own?
What is the highest number you’ve ever counted?
Do you ever lower the music volume when you’re looking for an address? 
What question do people ask you that you dislike?
If a bald person works in a restaurant, do you think they still need to wear a hairnet?
What is your favorite sleeping position?
What have you forgotten today?
Do you think you would be friends with a clone of yourself?
When did time begin?
Did you ever eat Play-Doh as a kid?
What is the weirdest text message you’ve ever gotten?
If you had a date with someone in this room right now, who would be the most uncomfortable person to go with?
Do you think you’re a good kisser? 
What’s your favorite body part?
Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die?
If you could wake up tomorrow with one physical change, what would it be? 
When was the last time you sang to yourself?
Is a hotdog a sandwich? 
What part of a kid’s movie completely scarred you for life?
What kind of secret society would you start?
What is the weirdest smell you’ve ever smelled? 
What is invisible but you wish people could see? 
Which body part do you wish you could detach and why?
What is the weirdest thing a guest has done at your house?
What would it take to gross you out on a date completely? 
If life were a video game, what would be your favorite cheat code?
What’s the worst name for an amusement park?
If police arrested you with no explanation, what would your friends and family assume you had done?
If you were a mad scientist, what experiment would you run?
If you could own any mythical creature (unicorn, phoenix, etc.), which one would you want?
What you rather have, a dirty house or a dirty car? 
How many times do you think you lie in a day?
Have you ever tried to eat an ant or a worm?
Who is your partner in crime?
Would you talk to a random person in a movie theater?
Which is creepier – walking up on someone unexpectedly behind or staring at them through binoculars?
Do you check yourself out in the windows when you pass?
How many times do you change clothes in a day?
What music video can you watch over and over again without getting bored?
What’s the weirdest thing you secretly do daily? 
What’s worse – no hair or no teeth?
What’s the most disgusting food you’ve ever eaten? 
If someone looked through your internet search history, what would be the weirdest inquiry they’d find?
What is your definition of success? 
What is a relationship dealbreaker for you?
How would you title this chapter of your life? 
If you only had one month left to live, how would you spend it? 
What is the best advice someone has ever given you? 
What makes you feel alive?
Do you typically follow your heart or your head?
What are you most grateful for in your life? 
Do you have a best friend?
How do you overcome personal setbacks?
Is it easy for you to accept help when you need it?
Do you think dreams have hidden meanings? Why or why not?
Do you believe in reincarnation?
How do you define beauty?
Do you think brains or looks are more attractive? 
What do you think happens after death? 
What is your most irrational fear?
Do you believe in second chances?
If you could snap your fingers and make the world a better place, what would you do?
What you rather someone be honest and hurt your feelings or lie to protect them?
How can someone lose your trust?
What personality traits are you most proud of?
If you could be any animal, what would you be and why?
Do you eat or drink soup? 
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
What is the best gift you have ever received? 
If you were a superhero, what powers would you want to have?
What is your favorite animal? 
What’s your favorite family recipe?
Do you like rollercoasters?
Who would play you in a movie about your life? 
What song reminds you of high school?
What is the weirdest thing you’ve ever eaten? 
If you could meet up with any celebrity for coffee, who would you choose?  
If you were the ruler of your own country, what would be the first law you’d put into place? 
Have you ever eaten a bug? 
How would you survive a zombie apocalypse?
What’s your favorite ice cream topping? 
What is your favorite holiday?
If you could be any tree, what kind would you be and why?
Do you have a favorite type of exercise?
Would you instead cook at home or order in?
Which phone app do you use the most?
Have you ever disliked something and then changed your mind?
What is your most prized possession?
Have you ever had a celebrity crush? 
Are you an organ donor on your driver’s license?
Do you believe in ghosts? Why or why not? 
Are you good at solving puzzles?
Do you think you can be friends with your colleagues? 
Do you sing in the shower?
How many hours early do you show up at the airport before a flight? 
If you had a yacht, what would you name it? 
Can you say your ABCs backwards?
Are you double jointed?
Do you step on the cracks in the sidewalk or step over them? 
Do you ever dance like nobody is watching?
What is the first thing you do in the morning?
What is the last thing you do at night? 
What is the most unusual place you’ve ever slept in? 
What would be the title of your memoir?
If you had unlimited money to start a business, what would it be?
If you had the opportunity to be immortal, would you take it?
Which famous historical person would you want to spend the day with?
What is your favorite article of clothing?
Do you think good people can do bad things?
Do you think bad people can do good things?
What is the first step you take to achieve a goal?
Have you ever been in a food fight?
Do you like cheese or butter more?
What rules do you mean to break?
How many times a day do you brush your hair?
Have you ever ridden a horse? Did you like it?
How would you react if an alligator arrived at your door?
What do you do when nobody is watching? 
Do you count your missed calls?
How often do you say “thank you” or “I’m sorry” in a day?
Are you good at remembering things on the spot?
What is your quirkiest hidden quality?
Which outfit in your closet have you worn more than any other?
When was the last time you screamed at somebody?
What’s your favorite road trip you’ve ever taken?
Do you own a pair of cowboy boots?
If you could have eyes in the back of your head, would you?
Have you ever forgotten your wallet while paying for something? 
If you only had 5 minutes in a grocery store, what would you buy?
If you got stranded on a desert island with only 3 items, what would they be?
What is your current passion project? 
Do you have any hobbies? 
How do you like to spend your free time?
What kind of music are you into? 
Do you have any pets? 
What’s your claim to fame?
Who is one of your favorite celebrity role models?
What is your dream job?
How did you find out about [current place/event]?
If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would you go?
What skill would you like to master? 
What do you like to learn about?
What is your proudest accomplishment? 
What is your astrological sign?
What motivates you to work hard?
If money were no object, how would you spend your time?
Who is your favorite author?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
Where do you see yourself in five years?
Do you collect anything?
Do you see the glass as half-full or half-empty?
What is your favorite movie of all time? 
What was your favorite subject in school? 
What is one thing you will never do again?
Did you play any sports growing up?
What is the weirdest hobby you’ve tried?
What is your favorite ice cream flavor? 
What is something you’ve always wanted to do but haven’t tried yet? 
Do you enjoy your alone time?
Would you consider yourself an introvert or an extrovert?
What qualities do you look for in a friend?
What’s your favorite way to spend time with your family?
What is the most relaxing part of your day? 
Do you have any siblings?
Are you the youngest, middle, or oldest child? 
What was your favorite age of childhood? 
What is the best concert you’ve ever been to?
What is your favorite way to unwind? 
What causes are you passionate about?
What are you most excited about right now?
Have you ever had a surprise party?
Which of your five senses would you say is the strongest?
If you had a warning label, what would yours say?
Are you related to anyone famous?
Does your family have a “motto”?
What is your mantra? 
Do you believe in the power of manifestation?
What is one thing you tried that you’ll never do again?
What was your first job?
What is the most exciting thing you can see out your kitchen window?
What would your dream house look like? 
What is the most spontaneous thing you’ve ever done?
What is the most helpful thing you own?
If your younger self could meet you as an adult, what would they be most impressed by?
What is at the top of your bucket list?
If you had one month to live, what would you do?
Are you a cat or a dog person?
What do you think is the most essential professional skill?
What do you think is the most essential life skill?
What job would you be terrible at?
What was the worst job you ever had?
Are you an early bird or a night owl?
Do you like to read or listen to audiobooks?
What do you look forward to every day?
Do you have any daily or weekly rituals?
Do you think self-care is important?
If you could look into a crystal ball to see the future, would you want to do it?
Where do you see yourself living when you retire?
What’s the most beautiful place you’ve ever seen in person?
Do you prefer a beach or mountain vacation?
What is your favorite thing about your career?
What is your favorite season?
Where is your favorite coffee shop?
What is one brand that you identify with?
If you could start a charity, what would it be?
What is the best part of your day?
Do you like cities or rural areas better?
If you could re-live any decade of your life, which one would you re-do?
What has been the highlight of this past week?
What has been the highlight of your year? 
Have you read any intriguing books lately?
What’s your current favorite TV show/movie? 
Do you have any nicknames?
What is your favorite place you’ve traveled to? 
Where did you grow up?
How long have you lived in [city]?
What is your favorite food?
What is your favorite sport? 
Where is your favorite restaurant around here? 
How do you take your coffee or tea?
If you could be any type of dog, what breed would you be and why?
What is something you’ve always wanted to learn?
What is your biggest regret? 
If you could trade places with anyone for a week, who would it be?
What fictional character do you most relate to?
What do you daydream about? 
What was your happiest moment in life?
Is there anything you regret not doing in life?
What was your proudest accomplishment?
What was your biggest fear?
What was your favorite childhood memory?
Did you have any secret talents or hobbies?
What was the best advice you ever received?
What advice would you give to me now?
Is there anything you wish you could have done differently?
Who was the most influential person in your life?
What was your favorite book or movie?
What did you think was your purpose in life?
What was your favorite place to travel to?
What was your favorite food?
What was your favorite song or artist?
What was the most challenging experience you ever had?
What was the most meaningful gift you ever received?
What was the most important lesson you learned in life?
Who was your best friend and what made them special?
What was your proudest moment as a parent?
Is there anything you wish you could have said to someone before you died?
What was the greatest act of kindness you ever witnessed?
What was your favorite holiday tradition?
What was the most significant historical event you lived through?
What was your favorite job or career?
What was your favorite hobby or pastime?
What was the happiest time in your marriage or relationship?
What was the most difficult decision you ever had to make?
What was the most inspiring thing you ever witnessed?
What was the biggest mistake you ever made?
What did you think was your biggest strength?
What did you think was your biggest weakness?
What was the most adventurous thing you ever did?
What was the most romantic thing you ever did?
What was the most important thing you learned from your parents?
What was the most important thing you taught your children?
What was your favorite memory with your siblings?
What was your favorite memory with your grandparents?
What was your favorite memory with your own children?
What was your favorite memory with your spouse or partner?
What was the most important thing you learned from a teacher or mentor?
What was the most important thing you taught someone else?
What was the most significant change you witnessed in the world during your lifetime?
What was the biggest challenge you faced in your life?
What was the most valuable lesson you learned from a mistake?
What was the most valuable lesson you learned from a success?
What was the most important goal you ever accomplished?
What was the most important goal you wished you had accomplished?
What was the most important quality in a friend to you?
What was the most important quality in a romantic partner to you?
What was the most important quality in a parent to you?
What was the most important quality in a child to you?
What was your favorite pet and why?
What was the most significant event that happened on your birthday?
What was your favorite subject in school?

What was the most valuable lesson you learned from a failure?
What was the most difficult obstacle you ever faced and how did you overcome it?
What was the most important thing you ever did for someone else?
What was the most significant moment in your life?
What was your proudest moment as a grandparent?
What was your favorite holiday and why?
What was the most important thing you learned from a mistake in your career?
What was the most valuable advice you ever received about money?
What was the most important lesson you learned about love?
What was your favorite childhood game or toy?
What was your favorite childhood friend and what happened to them?
What was your favorite thing to do with your own parents?
What was the most difficult lesson you ever had to learn?
What was your favorite place to go when you needed to be alone?
What was the most important thing you ever did for yourself?
What was the most important thing you ever did for your community?
What was your favorite job or volunteer work you ever did?
What was your favorite joke or funny story to tell?
What was your favorite thing to cook or bake?
What was your favorite restaurant or meal to eat out?
What was the most interesting place you ever visited?
What was the most important thing you ever did for your health?
What was the most important thing you ever did for your spirituality or faith?
What was the most important thing you ever did for your mental health?
What was the most important thing you ever did for your emotional well-being?
What was your favorite season and why?
What was your favorite childhood pet and what happened to them?
What was the most meaningful thing someone ever did for you?
What was your favorite way to spend a lazy day?
What was your favorite way to celebrate a special occasion?
What was your favorite book or author?
What was your favorite type of music or musician?
What was the most meaningful gift you ever gave someone?
What was the most meaningful gift you ever received?
What was your favorite place to shop?
What was your favorite way to exercise or stay active?
What was your favorite way to relax?
What was your favorite way to learn something new?
What was your favorite way to stay connected with family and friends?
What was your favorite type of art or artist?
What was your favorite type of movie or TV show?
What was your favorite way to travel?
What was your favorite thing to do on a rainy day?
What was your favorite way to spend time with your spouse or partner?

What was your favorite childhood memory?
What was your favorite subject in school?
What was your first job, and what did you learn from it?
What was your proudest accomplishment in life?
What was your biggest regret in life?
What was the happiest moment in your life?
What was your favorite hobby or pastime?
What was your favorite sport or team?
What was your favorite holiday tradition?
What was your favorite thing to do with your siblings?
What was the biggest lesson you learned from your parents?
What was your favorite vacation destination?
What was your favorite thing to do on a weekend?
What was your favorite car or mode of transportation?
What was your favorite TV show or movie when you were young?
What was your favorite thing to do with your friends?
What was your favorite type of food or cuisine?
What was your favorite alcoholic or non-alcoholic drink?
What was your favorite thing about your home?
What was the most difficult decision you ever had to make?
What was the most significant change you ever made in your life?
What was your favorite thing about your spouse or partner?
What was your favorite memory with your children?
What was your favorite thing about being a grandparent?
What was your favorite way to spend a summer day?
What was your favorite way to spend a winter day?
What was your favorite type of weather?
What was your favorite thing to do in nature?
What was your favorite type of animal?
What was your favorite type of flower or plant?
What was your favorite childhood toy or game?
What was the biggest challenge you faced in your career?
What was your favorite way to relax after a long day?
What was your favorite type of music to dance to?
What was your favorite type of music to listen to when you were sad?
What was the most meaningful conversation you ever had with someone?
What was the most important lesson you learned about friendship?
What was the most important lesson you learned about forgiveness?
What was the most important lesson you learned about perseverance?
What was your favorite thing to do with your parents when you were young?

What was your favorite way to spend a Sunday morning?
What was the most important lesson you learned from a mentor?
What was the most difficult challenge you ever faced in your personal life?
What was your favorite way to spend a vacation?
What was your favorite thing to do for fun as an adult?
What was your favorite thing to do for fun as a child?
What was your favorite holiday destination?
What was your favorite season to decorate your home for?
What was the most meaningful gift you ever received from someone?
What was the most meaningful gift you ever gave to someone?
What was the most significant event you ever witnessed in history?
What was your favorite thing about the town or city you grew up in?
What was your favorite family tradition?
What was your favorite way to celebrate your birthday?
What was the most difficult decision you ever made as a parent?
What was your favorite way to give back to your community?
What was your favorite thing to do when you were feeling down?
What was your favorite way to express your creativity?
What was your favorite way to learn something new?
What was your favorite thing to do to stay healthy and active?
What was the most important lesson you learned about family?
What was the most important lesson you learned about loyalty?
What was your favorite type of cuisine to cook?
What was the most memorable adventure you ever went on?
What was your favorite place to read?
What was your favorite type of literature to read?
What was your favorite thing to do on a weekend afternoon?
What was your favorite type of dessert?
What was your favorite way to spend time with your siblings?
What was your favorite way to express your spirituality or faith?
What was your favorite way to stay connected with friends and family who lived far away?
What was the most important lesson you learned about communication?
What was your favorite way to express love or appreciation to someone?
What was the most difficult obstacle you overcame in your personal life?
What was your favorite thing about your career or profession?

What was your favorite way to spend a rainy day?
What was your favorite childhood book?
What was your favorite type of clothing or fashion trend?
What was your favorite thing to do with your parents when you were a teenager?
What was your favorite type of cuisine to try when traveling?
What was your favorite thing to do to celebrate the New Year?
What was your favorite type of music to listen to while driving?
What was your favorite way to express yourself creatively?
What was your favorite thing to do with your grandchildren?
What was the most memorable birthday celebration you ever had?
What was your favorite way to decorate your home for the holidays?
What was your favorite type of outdoor activity?
What was your favorite way to spend time with your spouse or partner?
What was the most important lesson you learned about financial management?
What was your favorite way to unwind after a stressful day?
What was your favorite type of technology to use?
What was your favorite way to stay informed about current events?
What was your favorite way to spend time with your pets?
What was your favorite type of fruit or vegetable?
What was your favorite way to prepare a meal?
What was your favorite type of game or puzzle?
What was your favorite way to stay active and healthy as you aged?
What was the most significant change you saw in the world during your lifetime?
What was your favorite way to stay in touch with family and friends?
What was the most important lesson you learned about forgiveness?

What was your favorite thing to do with your siblings?
What was the most memorable gift you ever received as a child?
What was your favorite thing to do on a summer day?
What was your favorite way to celebrate a milestone or achievement?
What was your favorite type of flower?
What was your favorite way to relax after a long day?
What was the most important lesson you learned about love?
What was your favorite thing to do during the winter months?
What was the most meaningful volunteer work you ever did?
What was your favorite way to stay active and engaged in your community?
What was your favorite hobby or pastime?
What was your favorite type of art or artist?
What was your favorite way to express your personality?
What was your favorite way to show appreciation for someone?
What was the most meaningful vacation you ever took?
What was your favorite way to spend time with your parents?
What was your favorite type of book to read?
What was your favorite way to spend a day off from work?
What was your favorite type of candy or sweet treat?
What was the most difficult loss you experienced in your life?
What was your favorite thing to do during the autumn months?
What was your favorite type of cuisine to order at a restaurant?
What was your favorite way to give back to your community?
What was your favorite way to stay informed about your favorite topics?
What was your favorite way to spend time with your nieces or nephews?

What was your favorite way to celebrate a holiday?
What was your favorite type of weather?
What was your favorite way to spend a lazy Sunday afternoon?
What was your favorite type of coffee or tea?
What was your favorite way to stay organized?
What was your favorite type of home decor or furniture?
What was your favorite way to spend a long weekend?
What was your favorite type of sports or athletic activity?
What was your favorite way to celebrate a special occasion?
What was your favorite thing to do with your best friend?
What was the most meaningful tradition you ever participated in?
What was your favorite way to stay mentally sharp and alert?
What was your favorite type of animal?
What was your favorite way to explore new places?
What was the most significant historical event you ever witnessed?
What was your favorite way to stay active and healthy?
What was your favorite thing to do with your spouse or partner on date night?
What was your favorite type of car or vehicle?
What was your favorite way to show kindness to others?
What was your favorite thing to do with your grandchildren when they visited?
What was your favorite way to stay entertained when you were stuck indoors?
What was your favorite type of movie or television show?
What was your favorite way to give back to your community?
What was your favorite way to spend time in nature?
What was your favorite type of restaurant or cuisine to try?

What was your favorite way to stay connected with friends and family who lived far away?
What was your favorite type of music to dance to?
What was your favorite way to unwind after a busy day at work?
What was your favorite thing to do with your parents when you were a child?
What was your favorite type of dessert?
What was your favorite way to celebrate your own birthday?
What was your favorite type of clothing to wear when you were younger?
What was your favorite way to stay informed about politics and world events?
What was your favorite way to stay in touch with old friends?
What was your favorite type of holiday or vacation destination?
What was your favorite way to spend a weekend with your significant other?
What was the most significant technological advancement you saw during your lifetime?
What was your favorite way to spend time with your siblings?
What was your favorite type of art or craft to create?
What was your favorite way to relax and unwind before bed?
What was your favorite way to show your appreciation for someone who helped you?
What was your favorite type of game to play with your children or grandchildren?
What was your favorite way to stay motivated and productive?
What was your favorite type of book or author to read?
What was your favorite way to celebrate the start of a new year?

What was your favorite type of outdoor activity?
What was your favorite way to spend time alone?
What was your favorite way to spend time with your friends?
What was your favorite way to celebrate a personal achievement?
What was your favorite type of exercise to do?
What was your favorite way to stay up to date with technology?
What was your favorite type of cuisine to cook at home?
What was your favorite way to get involved in your local community?
What was your favorite way to make a difference in the world?
What was your favorite type of houseplant or garden flower?
What was your favorite way to show your love for your spouse or partner?
What was your favorite way to show your love for your children or grandchildren?
What was your favorite way to spend time with your extended family?
What was your favorite type of weather to experience?
What was your favorite way to stay informed about sports and athletic events?
What was your favorite way to stay up to date with fashion trends?
What was your favorite way to celebrate a friend's accomplishment?
What was your favorite type of animal to observe in nature?
What was your favorite way to spend a Saturday morning?
What was your favorite type of charitable organization to support?
What was your favorite way to volunteer your time and energy?
What was your favorite way to stay positive and optimistic?
What was your favorite way to stay in touch with old classmates or coworkers?
What was your favorite type of cuisine to try at a new restaurant?
What was your favorite way to show your gratitude to others?
What was your favorite way to spend time with your pets?
What was your favorite way to stay mentally and emotionally healthy?
What was your favorite type of book to read for personal growth and development?
What was your favorite way to spend a Sunday morning?
What was your favorite way to celebrate an anniversary or special occasion?
What was your favorite way to stay motivated and focused on your goals?
What was your favorite type of coffee shop or cafe to visit?
What was your favorite way to spend a rainy day?
What was your favorite way to spend a snow day?
What was your favorite type of museum or art gallery to visit?
What was your favorite way to stay informed about science and technology?
What was your favorite type of wine or cocktail to order?
What was your favorite way to learn a new skill or hobby?
What was your favorite type of art to create?
What was your favorite way to show your support for a cause you believed in?
What was your favorite type of flower arrangement to create or receive?
What was your favorite way to stay organized and on top of your schedule?
What was your favorite type of party or event to plan?
What was your favorite way to stay connected with your family and loved ones?
What was your favorite type of project to work on at home?
What was your favorite way to decorate your home for the holidays?
What was your favorite type of craft to make for special occasions?
What was your favorite way to stay active and fit as you aged?
What was your favorite way to stay informed about your finances and investments?
What was your favorite way to spend time with your grandchildren?
What was your favorite way to stay involved in your religious or spiritual community?
What was your favorite

What was your favorite way to unwind after a long day?
What was your favorite way to enjoy the beauty of nature?
What was your favorite type of live performance to attend?
What was your favorite way to learn about different cultures?
What was your favorite way to stay informed about politics and current events?
What was your favorite type of charity event to attend?
What was your favorite way to explore new places?
What was your favorite way to stay connected with your childhood friends?
What was your favorite way to stay informed about local news and events?
What was your favorite type of musical instrument to play or listen to?
What was your favorite way to spend a summer day?
What was your favorite type of art to collect?
What was your favorite way to spend time at the beach?
What was your favorite way to give back to your community?
What was your favorite type of sports team to support?
What was your favorite way to enjoy the holiday season?
What was your favorite type of music to listen to while driving?
What was your favorite way to stay informed about health and wellness trends?
What was your favorite way to celebrate a milestone birthday?
What was your favorite type of musical genre to listen to?
What was your favorite way to stay up to date with the latest technology?
What was your favorite type of gift to receive from loved ones?
What was your favorite way to spend a lazy Sunday afternoon?
What was your favorite way to show your artistic talents?
What was your favorite way to stay involved with your church or religious community?
What was your favorite type of meal to cook for your family?
What was your favorite way to celebrate the New Year?
What was your favorite way to spend time with your siblings?
What was your favorite type of coffee to drink in the morning?
What was your favorite way to enjoy a glass of wine or champagne?
What was your favorite type of dance to participate in?
What was your favorite way to stay in touch with friends and family who lived far away?
What was your favorite type of beach activity to participate in?
What was your favorite way to stay active in retirement?
What was your favorite way to stay informed about the latest fashion trends?
What was your favorite way to spend a rainy day indoors?
What was your favorite way to stay up to date with new technology?
What was your favorite way to spend a romantic evening with your spouse or partner?
What was your favorite type of cuisine to try at a new restaurant?
What was your favorite way to spend time in the garden?
What was your favorite type of outdoor activity to participate in?
What was your favorite way to celebrate a special achievement or milestone?
What was your favorite way to show your love and appreciation for your family?
What was your favorite way to stay active in your local community?
What was your favorite type of exercise to do with friends?
What was your favorite way to spend time with your pets?
What was your favorite way to stay organized and on top of your schedule?
What was your favorite type of book to read for leisure?
What was your favorite way to stay mentally and emotionally healthy?
What was your favorite type of home decor to shop for?
What was your favorite way to stay connected with your loved ones while traveling?

What was your favorite way to spend a cozy evening at home?
What was your favorite type of television show to watch?
What was your favorite way to stay involved in local politics?
What was your favorite type of outdoor activity to do with your children or grandchildren?
What was your favorite way to spend a long weekend?
What was your favorite type of craft to make or hobby to pursue?
What was your favorite way to stay informed about the stock market and investing?
What was your favorite type of family vacation to take?
What was your favorite way to stay in touch with your high school or college friends?
What was your favorite type of wine or liquor to enjoy with friends?
What was your favorite way to spend a snowy day?
What was your favorite type of museum to visit?
What was your favorite way to explore new cultures while traveling?
What was your favorite type of book to read for personal growth?
What was your favorite way to stay involved with your children's or grandchildren's education?
What was your favorite way to celebrate a holiday or special occasion?
What was your favorite type of fashion accessory to wear?
What was your favorite way to relax and recharge after a busy week?
What was your favorite type of television program to watch with your family?
What was your favorite way to stay informed about developments in science and technology?
What was your favorite type of board game or card game to play with friends and family?
What was your favorite way to keep in touch with old friends and colleagues?
What was your favorite type of art exhibit to attend?
What was your favorite way to volunteer in your local community?
What was your favorite type of cuisine to cook at home?
What was your favorite way to stay active and healthy in your senior years?
What was your favorite type of music to listen to while exercising?
What was your favorite way to celebrate a milestone wedding anniversary?
What was your favorite type of foreign language to study or learn?
What was your favorite way to spend time with your grandchildren?
What was your favorite type of adventure to embark on?
What was your favorite way to stay informed about social and political issues?
What was your favorite type of souvenir to bring back from a trip?
What was your favorite way to spend time with your pets?
What was your favorite type of exercise to do alone?
What was your favorite way to enjoy a sunny day?
What was your favorite type of music to listen to while cooking?
What was your favorite way to spend time in your backyard or garden?
What was your favorite type of home improvement project to undertake?
What was your favorite way to stay in touch with your extended family members?
What was your favorite type of charity to donate to?
What was your favorite way to learn new skills or pursue personal interests?
What was your favorite type of foreign cuisine to try at a restaurant?
What was your favorite way to spend a day off from work?
What was your favorite type of fashion to wear?
What was your favorite way to celebrate a personal achievement?
What was your favorite type of television show to binge-watch?
What was your favorite way to stay informed about environmental issues?
What was your favorite type of music to listen to while relaxing?
What was your favorite way to spend a summer vacation?


QUESTIONS THAT MY KIDS MIGHT ASK ME

tell me a story about your childhood
tell me about your favorite childhood memory